Italy's referendum was not about leaving
the EU it was not about ital exit or the
next
brexit here is a very simple explanation
for what it means Italy's referendum
vote was a constitutional referendum to
decide if there should be changes to
Italy's current government structure
Italy has a rather complex system of
govern government designed intentionally
to prevent another musolini from Gaining
control their Congress equivalent has
630 members their Senate has
350 members reny wanted to push for a
government with less members and less
layers in order to reduce bureaucracy
and speed up lawmaking the intention was
to cut the Senate to 100 members and
would only be involved in major
decisions such as War also the province
layer of government would be officially
removed now while the vote itself had
nothing to do with exiting the EU it has
been suggested that people may have
voted no simply as a statement that they
are fed up with the current
government if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
and of course if you found this video
informative there are so many more at my
website you can get a free ecourse on
their free ebooks as well that's the
money gps.com